Support for another round comes from square space.
So once one time I had this I technically still have a website. I just don't tell people to look at it because
it looks like not great and it looks not great because I didn't know what people who knew what they would
do like
phase because I've been to your own Web site today it's Chris base that. And if you're
into Africa another on a check out you get in prison off your first pair to
say whoa oh Squarespace build it beautiful.
I treaty serious do
you want to
know Hi everyone I'm haven't. I'm crazy and welcome to another round of having
entries C.C. edition
where N.B.C. point zero point four.
Why
are we in D.C. Tracy and now just do I so I can tell
you what one of the Fredo I know all my angle I never
even walk past the White House now they know and
that you know I like him. Do you think they know what they
just decided to play at the Klan. We're going to the
White
House to interview Valerie Jarrett senior advisor to President Barack
Obama. This week is the last State of the union of the Obama presidency. So we have
a lot to talk about and she's basically the person one of like three people who
are like the most important what I'm trying to take some notes
on how great my life. How
how do you do that with Elaine. We don't learn today. I don't even know what a
buys devise just
talk about them but that's
not her I have to respectfully ask what
are those and I'm not I'm not I'm going to line
out on your advice. I'm so excited.
Maybe she'll finally tell me what Obama's not.
You know I wouldn't ask.
We're trying to get invited back
three.
So
before we get to the freakin White House which is a sting that is going to happen.
Let's look
at what I have him with because I have a story that I personally plan
completely hilarious. I'm with and I've met laugh harder at
anything in the past with I don't think OK so I have his dad right.
He's pretty cool
he's all right he my entire family is from Kentucky which means my entire family
is basically like country. He's
like. My grandmother and like her siblings I
like old country and he's like current country right I don't know where like I know I'm a
child I mean I think mine is so like he is like he's got like the dad
humor with like this.
AG sint but man like an old black man and exit.
You don't have to be my dad apparently OK so anyway. What is. Old
Country fellow country is right old country I imagine it's like you're going to the homeland.
Ok night and then I'm thinking like
oh country is in lie. A little seven tan in
like the fifty's and sixty's
like dirt roads in my people like sit out on their front porches and like rocking
chairs dial everybody who lives. It's more of a.
It kind of is it kind of is OK I'm no friends so let me say it this way. OK
I just realized that maybe one day my father might realize a pike if
I have is that when they and a whole father. If you're listening.
I say all of this out of great leaven is. Same for you and your country miss and my goodness as well.
Yeah yeah not now my dad is my dad is great and hilarious for a lot of different reasons. OK So over
Christmas break on when homes on the level. I'm a notorious last minute
Christmas shoppers
are usually I don't get started so Christmas Eve this year get ahead of the
game start on my side twenty third sakit Bam life without a doubt.
So he and he comes to pick me up as he always says every year me goes to the mom
and like he has very little patience for like browsing I
was
looking for. I was looking for New Year's Eve
just like I'm writing this Asian Roque.
Miranda
Oh in a generic Wiccan like this take a quick look around. He walked in with me a little bit he was like oh.
You can be airable
I acted
out that language. Like I could see the good Samaritan and so he leave and he also had like
a
slight stutter which I sort of do too when I'm like trying to talk too fast and like
my brain has not caught up with my mouth
right and the stutter less the
the accident in just Plez being a
dad is what this man said.
He was like OK yeah i'm just come to the phone just to
just hit me on the
blues
or do
you hit me all the guys in the
you didn't mean to like
Oh well I have a minute later. He was like yeah does it mean I'm a little
like Alright. I mean
the
sound like a fake thing. Why people would say I'm a mind
to use the same way we will write a bill like we're going to do with it. Oh here's
me all my money did he die.
Can we please make this a thing for the rest of the Alaskan when you once
invited even they used to be none of
those so I swear if you've been there when ever I told them I didn't say smells like I just have
you know like
I really want to get the president anybody wanted when Guy leaves with Ronnie You
see once you write another route he has taken me on the bit. I don't
even get that they don't explain to your friends the
justices may know it to
me because I'll be enough to know what do you
miss me
on the
bus but is the
president you know. There should be a trap for him
and hit me on the ME ON
THE they could do
you want to come on.
All
right we're going to take a quick break and when we come back we'll be in the White House
with Valerie
Jarrett Live Earth a word from our
sponsor they are al and like
Happy Hour like networking makes very saying oh whatever and meet somebody right in there like
oh here's my card check out my website and then you go to their Web site and this
like it's just one person living in Iowa a very good you know they don't.
So embarrassing you go soak them with this person is probably no
it's probably smart but the Web sites that they like I can have your my life has a great way
to avoid that everybody Squarespace that with square space
that confines let professionally designed regardless of your skill
level there's no coding required so if your H.T.M.L. chaps are
limited to making a Black Planet page. That's of OK
there
are intuitive an easy to use tools and if you sign up for a year with squarespace dot
com You get a free dummy. Well who doesn't like free stuff I do.
Everybody does. Yes you're right you're right coming up.
So start every track today it's great they that come when you sign up you go after seven of
the around and give him percent off your first part as Who doesn't love didn't impress them apples and who
doesn't love sharing that they love another round. Come on come on Sam. To unwind
who would want to wear things. Build it.
I was so excited to hear your award for
the sound of a good Thank you Barbara did you know
you
were the words above and you say it is given me why
the fuck.
So we're very excited today to be in the White House interviewing Valerie
Jarrett if you're not familiar with her bio She's senior advisor to President Barack Obama. She
oversees the Office of Public Engagement and Intergovernmental Affairs and chairs the White
House Council on Women and Girls and she was also described in Buzz Feed as one of
the most powerful black women in American history.
Oh my goodness haven't welcome it yet. Well thank you have and Thank you Tracy
welcome to the White House saying I got my degree I have no theory been looking forward to our chat.
So she began with little toes on yes yes thank you honey we're in with the Happy new year.
You are
here on the beginning of the second half of our fourth quarter and we've
had a pretty extraordinary week so well after the boring part in the
absolute wonderful job numbers today.
Already
more than all the music that's quite tasty. So the
state of the Union is this week. It's the last State of the union of the
Obama Mr I know it's so hard to believe it's going to end with like
a Mike drop is like you going to come out to the Crimean was like Serena. That's a real like
an idea like towards the end like as the administration is coming to a close isn't like a little
fairies clapping back a little more he's like telling people you know I
think you want to have power like water not cause I know
I don't know
my my fantasy for this is you know mama to walk you know like a do rag
and why what he's going to buy live or die she
can
relax the other thing you know can you love me like she has no i long after them gone
to hear.
I will say this to you and I'm not going to get out I had him on his speech but I
just spoke with him a few minutes ago and he really not withstanding that we have
been through a really tough seven years and I say we I really mean the American people obviously you know when
he took office we were losing like seven hundred fifty thousand jobs a
month and now we've had the other seventy eight straight months of
private sector job growth. We had a great jobs number. The beginning of
this month. So we've come a long way through some really tough times.
And he is so optimistic about our future.
So optimistic about our future now a lot of people they are here and
who would like this office and so optimism to the greatest country on her and
so I think his speech will really talk about our country and his vision for the future of our country.
How involved with you where the writing and putting together the speech. This is a very personal one. So he's
spending a lot of time himself. We went to the town hall meeting that C.N.N.
sponsored to talking about gun violence and what we can do to to end gun violence
and when we rode back from that town hall he said he was going to stay up and really work on the speech itself.
So this is he really holds the speech and that's as it should be for his last
one while we're on the topic I do for a moment. Want to talk about.
Kind of frustrating depressing conversations about gun control. I mean I say that
because he's been emotional He's been angry he's in Stern he's
unpractical children are like all over national headlines in
like incredibly tragic situations and I'm curious what would it take for
change to well happen this
is the perfect question. And as he said when he gave those
very emotional remarks last Tuesday and then again at the Town Hall.
Just because you're hopeful and optimistic doesn't mean change is easy right change is always hard in
our country and in this case. There are some entrenched special
interest that have a stranglehold on Congress because that's the only explanation for why
after
those twenty little darling children and six adults were
massacred and ninety percent of the American people supported
sensible background checks I mean you just ask yourself this
question you want to go buy a gun you go to Wal-Mart and you fill out
an application background check three days it comes back. If you clear
you get your gun. Why is that so hard why should not every American who wants
to buy a gun go through
that that's an infringement on the Second Amendment. That's just saying let's keep us all
as safe as we can and so there is not an issue. Having that has
frustrated him more than our inability to get Congress to act now I will say a
good sign is this isn't cities and states around the country are passing laws so for
example we have twenty states that have passed laws that prohibit people who've
been convicted of domestic violence from having weapons because the statistics are
staggering on women who are killed by boyfriends
husbands loved ones who have a history of domestic violence and so that's good
news we also
have eighteen states that have strengthened their background
checks including Connecticut so what Connecticut has done this is really an. Porton datapoint because
a lot of times even at the Town Hall we hear people saying well background check isn't going
to do anything because the people who are buying the guns well they're going to buy them anyway criminals are
going to get them anyway.
Connecticut passed their law to strengthen the background checks system gun violence has
gone down by forty percent forty percent
and so the answer to your question haven't is is that the American people are going to have to really
create so much pressure on Congress that they have no choice but to act.
My mother only one
sibling snow like we are you right. But I think that let's be real for a second
but take a step and get real for a second. Let's talk a little bit more about you. Oh
dear you are very mysterious lady. Emma you are just a
mysterious to you no not at this moment not in this moment a very what in our research it
was very hard to find a lot of information literally yeah I will so let's break it down
what you want to know let's get anything right. So you are one of few maybe
like two people who are to quote one of our favorite Hamilton songs you
are in the room. I won't sing.
I was about to say I want you to leave the
great my I love that the I did why I'm going to go
back as my daughter I haven't seen any of them got her back I play the soundtrack every day when I
get out of business with this man that's but that's a thing you know not that I that
wasn't part
of the thing none of us will ever get to experience what is it
like to be in the room when one of the power Felix.
Well I'll tell you it's interesting I believe that great presidents.
Emerge from times of enormous challenge. If you look at our nation's history.
Well the president has had enormous challenges and so we've never really had the luxury of sitting
back in my hearing our circumstances because there's been so much to
do and so I think I will be able to answer that question better. A year and a
half from now than I can right now right now I can just tell you that it's like drinking out of
a fire hydrant was so much coming at us but yet the president always
has this clear vision of where he wants to take the country and so here we are trying to push in the
right direction while you've got all of this
incoming but is such a privilege I mean there isn't a day when I
walk in the doors where I don't pinch myself and say I can't believe I work
in the white house growing up my father grew up in D.C..
Never been to the White House and tell this president was elected had been outside the gate
peeking in as a child but never imagined that he would enter the gates let
alone that his daughter would work here. You don't just
work in a white Well I mean you are the president's senior adviser that isn't
a huge deal so like it's awesome feel powerful. Look is it.
I can feel it with
advance ability and their enormous responsibility to make sure
that everything we do we are measuring it by what's in the
best interest of people out there on our country who are who have small voices who are
counting on us to be their voice.
That's the pressure I feel it doesn't translate into an exercise of power and translates
into people are counting on us they are out there struggling they're trying to make ends
meet and they feel sometimes so frustrated when they look at the nonsense
going on in Congress and they go why can't our government work better and so our job is to try
to do everything within our power to make sure that the government is really working for the
people you're very good at not talking about yourself. There's a lot I mean in
our research our ask a question I haven't answered. Are people
afraid of
you I hope not I hope and I think I would like to read you a quote
that i love of a lot of prefaces by saying I want everyone at in
your Me Great think yeah hold on this port is amazing.
From Vernon Jordan a family friend of yours I know a relative is married to my cousin. Yes.
Where do you go to the New
York Times is saying what Valerie developed is the art of telling people to go to
hell and making them look forward to the trip.
So that's a question one how that idea that
people met was so I think we've learned meant by that is has said look sometimes
people
have they think we can do everything for them anything and everything right and
so sometimes we have to disappoint people and I try to do it in the nicest possible
way though because they're counting on us and they're hoping for a yes and sometimes yes is a no
and so I do
spend time thinking of thoughtful ways of saying no to people so it's not
actually saying go to
hell it's the I'm much more
I'm so sorry but we can't do
that for black women people to an to overlook us from
one as a that is underestimate us definitely And you know exactly exactly and I think
that when people in
power are afraid of black women it's because they recognize the
power and potential in us
to suck up their privilege. You know what I mean and I feel like
you have that power. Firstly and everything we
read all of the reporting has been
she butts heads with Axelrod and Rahm Emanuel and they and very very hard
to tell whether the language. I mean they
weren't real they same way this
is this is the thing I
think what you really want is to be
respected not always to be like although I do try to
be decent to people but you want people to respect
you and I think that oftentimes And you know look I started my career as a
lawyer I worked at a big law firm there were very many people who look like me at either the two
firms that I looked
at and I think sometimes women generally black women. Two
are underestimated and overlooked and sometimes you'll say he ever been in a
meeting this you so I wouldn't know time you say something and everybody kind of ignores it in a man says
the same then Englishman and everybody goes oh
yeah part of it
is you have to find your own voice and you have to command respect
and so I would rather people respect me than fear
may and I've worked hard to earn that
respect and the team that we have here at the White House is
very collegial and I you know I've read books about prior White Houses and
how combative they are and I will tell you some of my closest friends.
I work with here are people we. You've been through the last seven years with people. It's a
real test of character and fortitude and integrity but it's also notable that
you've stayed such a
long time and they
haven't you guys can put a face like
Rob you were you know coming in.
I said look I am at the stage in my life for my daughters grown and married and has their
own job and I'm not
married and and I love the president and first lady dearly. They're
close to my closest friends and I love our country. So for me this is the pinnacle
of my life I can't imagine anything I could do that would mean more to me than this.
And so why wouldn't I stay until the absolute last moment I serve at his pleasure but
I will stay here for as long as he has me said
never it never would have occurred to me to leave but then a lot of people have
left had other things tugging at them. I'm not sure they're always leaving voluntarily
eat food but that's maybe a different story.
You know the Living on so we wanted to talk a little bit about like you and where you
came from we did find out that you were born in Iran to black parents your father was a
doctor and he moved to Iran because it was easier for him to get work as a
doctor than. We also read
that. You being lighter than most of the
other people in Iran made you very confused as to like why you would then take the lead when you know
the hold on that and your research. What did you learn about
race when you were like young like yeah I'm sure that like your father's experience had him impart some
very specific
things you know so. So let me tell you a little mom my dad and my mom so my dad as I said grew up here
in Washington and he went to Howard for college and Howard for medical school and
then he went to Chicago he got a residency
at St Luke's Hospital in Chicago and it was a very prestigious
hospital back there but he was the first African-American to be a physician there.
And so they would allow him to live. Live in the resident dorms because those were for white
only and they told him he had to come in the back door so I said OK I'll talk live as we
go back to physical backdoor so he said OK I will live in the you know I live
in an apartment somewhere else but I'm a physician I am not walking in the back door I'm going to the
front door so the first day of work he walked in the front
door and everybody was only gosh what's going on
than and he never thought a thing about it was negro I
think frankly
let's go. So then the next day when he showed up at
work all of the staff at the hospital for me or to Lisa the nurses to
the administrators who were black were standing at the steps of the front door waiting for
him and they all walked in with him on all that it's beautiful it's not a beautiful story.
And so he told me that story as a young age in the context of how you have to stand up for
yourself if you want people to respect you back to our earlier conversation. You have to earn it
but you also have to demand it. You can expect that somebody is just going to sit around and give you
something you have to be willing to take and
so when he was in the Army right before he was honorably discharged
he was looking for jobs around the country to your
point and he was finding that the pay that was being offered. To him
was at a rate that was lower than his white counterparts. And so he
and my mom were adventuresome spirit and I said look let's
just look for a job outside of the United States and we don't have children we can
travel and so we looked at of riot different jobs and at that point in time the Shah of
Iran at that point Iran was a real close ally to the United States and he
was determined to improve the medical care in
Iran and so my father went and helped start. A hospital and she was
Iran and I was the second baby born in the hospital and so to your question
about race it was very hard for my parents to explain to me that I was at
that point
negro when I was fair skin and a lot of the Iranians and
the Iranians look at us as Americans they look at us as
African-Americans
or we're all Americans to them Are you familiar with their like racial language for
their categories or if they have them in the same way they really didn't have
a category to do here. And so my
parents talked about it and it was important to them that I understand my heritage and
who we are as African-Americans and so they
thought the cultural difference was more than I could take and we didn't have any
other family or friends there who were black and so and I think my mom frankly got homesick
and so we decided to move back to Chicago where her mother lived and her sister and a lot of our
relatives but before we moved back to Chicago we moved to London for a year.
In the year I was in London I developed this English
accent but by the looks of this if you can imagine.
I go to Chicago I started public school I had been given a really
good education when I was in Iran and in London and so I was supposed to be
my age in kindergarten and they put me in second grade. So here I am
young with an English accent and
fair people were so confused about that they didn't know what is an existential
meaning Farsi. You know
what children don't know. To be
different and way then I would say my mother would say a couple ways I had lost that
English accent by I was not talking to I was I don't know
maybe I was trying to
be just like everybody else. So that is fascinating
born overseas lived overseas came at a Chicago spent a lot of time in Chicago.
Speaking of Chicago.
Kind of a hot mess right now tough especially surrounded like yes surrounding the mayor
and the climate panel investigation it's well mad
sad video I have to tell you I had
to sit myself down and give myself a real talking to before I looked
at it because I just didn't as a mom I wasn't sure I could watch it and I thought to
myself I owe it to him to look at it and the first time I looked at it
it was I said this before was a hot poker image and. Each time I've seen
it it's been the exact same feeling and I just think I'm hours away.
You know how could
that. How could that happen to a young young man
boy he's not even an adult yet is seventeen years old kid. Well what's notable
about the video. In addition to
like the horror is the way we've been learning
recently that people have covered it up or made attempts to
delay releasing it for as long as possible. One of the things that's been reported is
that it happened. Coincidentally.
So near to Mayor Emanuel's election cycle. In
general the conversation about it has been who knew what
and who didn't want the the video released because it
directly was in conflict with what with the police
report. Yes let's take a step back from that because as you know after
Ferguson when Michael Brown was killed the president created this twenty first century task
force to take a look at work we could do to improve the relationship between police and the. Unities that they are there
to serve and protect and if you look at the recommendations of that task
force cities and states that adopt them are going to be able to
avoid a lot of these problems so the good news is there you had a body camera because you shouldn't be
who said he said you know Michael Brown There was no video and so we don't actually have the
same kind of visual that you had with
MCDONALD The other thing is we want to make sure that police have the training that they need when we have
to recognize a vast majority of police they're putting Well all police are putting their life on the line every
day they're going out in the streets they're having to make split second decisions
where they are scared for their own life and scared for the public's
life. I mean I mean there is the training better don't you think we are just early
I agree. I'm a little weary of the conversations about cameras because one of the things
that's significant about this moment is that we now have more footage but
nothing seems to be particularly different.
Well he was indicted that may not have happened had we not have a camera because if you think about it with the police
said right away is that he was lurching towards them right. So that was out of a
video to show that he was actually lurching away. He probably wouldn't have been and dieted
and so I think the transparency that comes from the cameras is
important I think the training is essential and too many police are out on our streets
without what they need to be prepared for those kind of split second
decisions that they need to make we need a lot better data
collection to look at trends of crimes and what's happening and
where another thing that came out of Ferguson for example is a the number and this doesn't
get to the. To the violence that leads to death but the number of people who were picked up
for tail pipe problem or license plate or the stickers
not honor the blinker is not
running and these nickel and dime charge penalty charges
fees that when you can't afford to pay them turn into a penalty that's doubled and
when you can afford
that then you have. Get picked up because there's a warrant for your arrest and then
you're taken to jail because you can't afford bail and the impact that all of this is
happening on communities that are poor is devastating and so we want
to just be as transparent as we can we find out situations like
that because it puts pressure for
change and I think part of the point the broader point I'm trying to make here is is
that people now are finding out what's going on in communities all across our country.
They're demonstrating peacefully. We've seen so many peaceful demonstrations.
We I don't think we get sufficient credit to the demonstrators who are out there in the cold in
Chicago follow it all over demonstrating trying to
say we want change. Yes certainly I feel like especially the CA
Chicago conversation the fact that it's even gotten this momentum is Jews all the organizers
are wonderful organizers who are out there just trying but make their city
better a lot of journalists have through the Freedom of Information Act gotten that you know it's from a
minimum and it shows that he knew about it earlier than he said and that
it shows there is a difference between what the police said and what actually happened. Do
you think Rahm Emanuel should resign.
Well I'm going to say this unit is going to not satisfy you but an hour will feel really detailed in
coming so as you know the Loretta Lynch the attorney general has
announced that she's taking a look into the situations right now though. And so I really shouldn't
comment on Chicago in particular because it's under that investigation of hers.
So I know that doesn't satisfy you but I think the good news is is that she's looking at the
practices that are going on there are trying to figure out what should happen. The good thing
about the Justice Department is that they can go
when and if they see a trend for example they can require the local
city government and the police force to enter into a consent decree with them to make changes
and without those changes there can be other consequences.
So that's the advantage of having a justice to. Part of that's
able to say we're here to ensure that the liberties and freedoms
of average citizens are protected. Are you optimistic. I'm always optimistic.
I am I do believe in change and I and I believe that sometimes it's painful
sometimes there are huge personal sacrifices as we've seen but ultimately I
think as Martin Luther King said the arc of the moral universe is
long but it does bend towards justice to return our secrets book I did I did and
I had a great conversation with him the summer we were in Aspen together a very
notable departure
from I think a lot of conversations about race if he doesn't believe the archive of the moral
universe I know just as a band sort of chaos. I know I know and I think is. Maybe
it's the result of our different life experiences we had that conversation and I I think he
he is much more pessimistic than I am I really do
think the better angels prevail. Particularly when you have transparency
and you have will and I believe that that change takes time
and maybe because I'm considerably older than he is I appreciate. I mean out give you a
good example if you go back and take a look at the speech that the president gave in
Selma at the fiftieth anniversary of the march across the Edmund Pettus
Bridge a lot has happened in our country for good since then I mean
my goodness a lot of positive things have
happened fifty years is a long time but in the total arc. It's not that long and
so if you look at. Rights for African-Americans rights for
women rights for They'll G.B.T. community. We've made great strides like a
thunderbolt but it does take time. So yeah we had we had that
very conversation much more optimistic than he
has I want to ask you one question before we move into P.P.P. you. The reason we're here the reason
the Obama's are
here is essentially because you take mentoring very seriously.
That's how you all met. That's true and you put President Obama
on to. Everyone in the Chicago community that's how Obama.
You know it all happened because you take very seriously the
task of putting young people on putting them in your rolodex to have
them make sure they need each other. Like why is that so important to you was there a
spreadsheet like what
mate like well how can we get into this really how do I get on the list.
Well I'll tell you a story when I finish college I had this plan.
I was going to go right to law school when I finished law school I was going to get a job.
Here the government or a law firm.
I was going to fall madly in love I was going have a baby before I
was thirty that biological
clock American hometown guy in the on to let me down to do this but now with some of my
story is this at age thirty two I had gone to law school I was at a very
prestigious law firm I had Mary literally the boy next door who grew whose mother grew up
in the same apartment building with my mother. No no my whole
life I had a daughter at twenty eight I did all of the things in my
plan and I was sitting in a beautiful
office in what was then called the Sears Tower in Chicago looking at Lake
Michigan and I'm crying. I just broke down and cried because I
was
miserable and I was leaving my daughter every day and going to do something that
was unfulfilling to me and a dear friend of mine who I just saw when I was home in Chicago said to
me you should consider government service here a Washington first African-American mayor of
Chicago had just been reelected and he said why don't you go do public service you
will care about him in public service
he and another woman became my mentors. The woman
my client was the first person who told me to ask for my own promotion have either of you
ever asked for a
promotion live long and I know you have a story that's
not of when Will and that you know that it will talk about that OK what I would never in my
wildest
dreams. Hard to me to have the courage to ask for a
promotion and I did she tell me once you tell me twice and three times before she kept
pushing me to go and ask for promotion and she's my client she says you learn to go tell your boss and
I remember I walked in there and I was scared to death and I have said Lucille time and need to do this. And
I went through my list of why I should get a promotion and he said OK.
Now it doesn't always happen that way but if it hadn't been for her pushing
me and believing in me and the fact that I also have always
worked
for either clients or for employers who appreciated
that I was a single mom and that I needed to be other be that single mom. That's true and those I know
is very rare and that experience taught me first of
all how much I owe them because I looked around at my friends who didn't have that
situation and the loyalty and I work twice as hard but also said to me I need to do the same
for other people and when I was in my law firm I really didn't have that kind of
mentorship and I was like the last you know last Oasis out there and so I pledged
to myself that I would do better for people based on my last names.
So that's why I try to take good care of the
folks.
So we're actually gonna make you wish that rapid fire questions segment actually rapid fire
with great questions. OK So let's go to number one what's your favorite one of
our we will.
Really
make it
to the
thing and
that is the you could win a lifetime supply
of anything. What would you when I think that's easy ice cream which they with ice cream.
Chocolate vanilla and coffee also really isn't that
funny I'll tell you when we all try remember all three of them behind the strawberry not ready to get out.
That was my dad and I never had
it not me but I will put all three of those in one blow and I can live on that. OK I'll let you guess which one of
us made this question. Would you read
a little it is clearly trying
to disavow it for
a good question that I was wrong with me on this. Would you rather have a digitally
blurred face like criminals on T.V. or have the limited range of
motion of a Barbie doll because you know that I have a job. I don't
want limited no limited motion I think I'll go for the Blur particularly the older you get the
blur the I'm not sure it's really a lot of bright light
so much anybody like a good idea to let you know the drill I already know I already have that.
How do we get a cameo on The Good Wife.
This is the most I mean I love that show let you go and I'll say this to your fans
of the show.
Oh my gosh the people the cast they are nicer in person
than he did when I magine they really like do you feel like you're not going to like more than you like put in a word
I be happy to live than a feeling of these guys have a great podcast
Well so much fun and the only reason why did it
other than I just love the show is that I was able to go on and talk about an issue I care about which is getting women
involved in politics and so I help talk Alicia into running it in you
know so good in the end.
Great show love being on I can't wait to go back again I think it's maybe OK as
far as I know you're the only White House advisor who's been on one of five point
one for the breakfast club and
not far as I know you must be your
favorite rapper. Oh my gosh it's OK if you don't listen to
rap but if you do like I do need to like cheesy. OK Really cheesy that they
would sound Not really but you know.
Typical Maher was just huge you know I was really impressed with your year he was at the White House
he came in he visited the president and you know what the president said to him because he was a little nervous
Plus is he. He's really a very nice young man and the president said Can you
believe they were both sitting in the
civil of the
process. We are over. I have to ask this last question would
you rather have shrimp for fingers. Or bread sticks for toes like
long braids. Like all governments. Yes I mean look it's well
would it affect the size of my shoe.
Yes that happened to her only issue because like if you just like when in the on in the you know.
Oh it's
bright that's a really bad choice there I guess I'll go for the red sticks because more
likely to look down at my feeble a good scene but then I want it they would
notice my
name that is a terrible question
the
I'm glad you guys are angry Daisy.
I will tell you this is been like a pleasure of my day. I appreciate you coming in from
back again sometimes your Grace tonight having an invitation because I will even live here come
back you have come back in that I'm so glad you're able to come. Thank you so well so much for
your
time
so that happened. Raising. Crazy. I'm ready to go
in advise everybody now you're just like an advisor and I'm not God
then I advise you to not. It's crazy to
go from that to like our regular part of the show and now I'm in my
right. Evan doing a binary with a I am so
glad you know I am going to buy a round for beyond
sages ol Knowles
Carter.
Now I'm buying around specifically
for the songs bow down and flaws.
Talk about those two songs firstly and please pass this is going to set the
setting too. This was right after four
dropped one of her best albums I would say probably my favorite
personally and there's just
this long stretch of time where we're like Beyonce will never give us another album. Like
she just had her baby and. Like OK she's
already blessed us with a lot so we should write grateful we can be nationally. But at the time we're like Beyonce
was good. OK With good so out of
nowhere she drops bowed down slash I've been
on I've been on late. I've forgot all about I dunno exactly
how good sack
Lee
at that time also important. I'm tired. I don't understand
how but there's been so much conversation about it beyond see the feminist. Still
stupid and a little the dominantly don't understand of any so she dropped
that like the author doesn't talk a lot in interviews to understand the answer you have to
read between the lines.
And there's a black woman in America. Well versed in Reading Rainbow. So you
really have to like listen to her interviews to hear what she's saying but it's basically like at
that time there's all these questions about her feminism and like the
first line of the song is I know when you were little girls you dreamed of
being in my world bowed down over and then the second one is
like I took some time to live my life but don't get it I'm just it's little why
it's like what
the case where a like I'm always playing you all of the nerve to write in any of
them directly addressing the haters.
Yeah so that was beautiful and then the whole like chopped and part of
the and my dad like he was
like y'all have met such a serious you have not met
Mr Burrus.
Yes
the capital gains on bout that life. If you read between the lines
between about that
life white family race car what about
this Mississippi we
went from from Baldauf I've been on to another beautiful
song called flawless
and that if you don't get to the
slice around it and the best part of that is when she dropped out on the
same feminist conversation happened as people at the I don't know how to
listen the N.S.A. said to myself.
And then I did. So she literally put a speech in
the middle of the song right with the definition
and she went on the V.M. maintenance that is one of
a huge sign that said Hell anything can you make the
family write
a love that she was like she felt
like bold enough to do it what
the fuck how dare you she would never say it that way but with that
over now it exactly is
like that.
That's where I was like oh my dad the N.S.A. was listening in the Star-Spangled Banner and then he came
out and like did I suppose he just like any question. I was like
no no we have no questions and yeah but the good thing is that. Even after all
that after her like tacitly saying yes I'm with him and is get over it you know was always conversations
about Lidle things she was blah blah blah blah blah blah.
My favorite part was she was like I was just browsing you to about some of
this video. Which is the thing that they all the
time so it's yeah I just want a girl I see
you like I feel like
people feel like Beyonce is for everyone and I feel strongly about Bianchi's
black audience as a black listening as tag P.S.A. So Legros a lot
of it sounds I mean beyond. If you're listening to
this please
please come through a little bit one interview just for me I can assure
you that this will be the best him you've ever had in your life ever.
We will hit you with a dumb question. We've all come sideways as an avid a you know has
and it would be great thanks
Bianca in advance things in it who you want around for choice and prepare
for a
drastic change in tone and feeling I'm listening.
Do you remember that I'm about around for a while it's in you that of said because you haven't time to tell me
to get a lot if ever I do now if
I got one I was like oh yeah while it's no auto
Heaven knows everything and don't know everything that Heaven knows this so this
might give you a similar feeling that you are just joining us
here at another
round in spite of hosting a podcast. I am not a fan of Pike
and rude disrespectful. As the get out. I still maintain that
is
just because I don't have the attention span for like I just cannot sit and
listen to just people talking for a really long that allowed you know as
such and by around for a pod cast because I found that I really like
so I get it now I get how like when you have a pike ass where the subject matter is just like right up your alley like
you can sit and listen to it like maybe do other things. My favorite thing to do now is to listen to a good
high cap and crochet
Oh I've finally like family too that I
really like all mine and that's so if you want thing that they're going through Crump OK.
I'm not already. I know which I currently like the only genre of high cast that I can
like listen to but I started listening to criminal Crow was
so good and I'm Phoebe judge this kind
of criminal is a great cast. I can't no
I don't know what does this about me but the episodes
that I like most are the ones. About like murder and like
crimes and like horrible things. So a different crime every up so yes they
might they're like different types and genres of crime and I sometimes not like examining the case of like
one specific crime like a phenomenon unlike the time world like justice for like a certain type
of leader who has been like that very very interesting. But I listen to all of the murder episodes and I was like.
And another to France I can't listen to I tried cereal
last season I made it halfway through and I was like. I don't remember
enough of this stuff like keep up with the builds on information and I do
not have the attention span for that but I was googling to cramp I cast and
somebody was like check out this park as Coll sorting scale
is terrifying and so addictive. So the tagline of the
show is like welcome to episode so and so of sword
scale a show that proves that the worst monsters are real I mean my God
I know the cases that they talk about are all like there are some that are too much for me.
Wow To be able to do I know so amazing if you like a friend you will love this job
and one of the really overwhelming need is it is it is like I am having the breaks
you are on the podcast or e-mail me and I feel like I had to petition for you to listen to
another round I know I know but I said Randy daily for
a gentleman I know I'm still not at a point where
I feel like I can honestly say that I like pie
cast might like right now very seriously have a podcast on me right now this one
is very cool like I like
but if it were about to crash. I like it a little bit more that's currently like the
only Like I haven't branched out into like nine to cramp I guess yeah I want to cry
and so I
can just investigate murders. I would enjoy the new video.
Oh my
God But really it's so good if you like true crime if you are in
Investigation Discovery addict
like me and if you like my guests than definitely check out for my.
To this day.
Yes I can go listen to that and re wants to be on say visual album which is
a gift to this
group
we did it Tracy again and then every family do this
some unbelievable because they want to give a big shout out
to Valerie Jarrett Yes her time.
Everyone is on the right I don't know right now literally let me sit down with the lead rope. Thank you. When
you drink with the
all all greasy with my problem in.
Shout out to the White House
for letting us in and one for just a lot
of it but for seriously everything. Yes and generous and very gracious
and accommodating. Yes We also want to thank our White House reporter
Evan McMorris and Toro. Yes and shout to editor in chief Ben Smith
and politics editor Kathryn Miller
Yes and as usual shout out to
the PA who are now but that was produced
by Elena Kagan with editorial oversight from you know life Berman. Production up
from May Kramer and Julia Furlan we would like to thank our in-house musician.
Jean Grey and down will of the Almighty
Morgan you can follow Jean Grey on Twitter at just briefly and you can follow done we'll
at D.L. in W. Ill. Thanks T.L. so different as always you can
hit us on the but you can be in the lead and then the random busy
that come you can follow it on Twitter you can tell me at Brooke human poverty
because my bank account is and you can follow me out haven't ran because I
talk a
lot and C. is so
heavenly
Mamie lives they were hopeful my
was my favorite thing is why don't you introduce yourself to people and they're
like heaven.
Are you an angel the number one thing that convinces me people don't think before the.
The way people
respond
in general if you like the
show
if you don't like the show kindly just walk away.
Thank you so
much saying when you're
around and I would not have seen in the White House.
I would have run around
screaming out thank you for
making me take my home
to some
place some
water
and if you're having trouble with
your resolutions
already
already.
Yes.